OOOOOOOHHHHHHH!
This page is the transcript for "The Power".
(In Mordecai and Rigby's room, a wrestling match is playing on the TV. Pan over to Rigby, who is standing on top of a dresser)

Rigby: Alright, Beef Burrito. I'm gonna give you one more chance to take back what you said about my mom!

(It's revealed that Rigby is yelling at a small doll on the floor)

Rigby: I'll kill you!

(Rigby pats his elbow and jumps onto his trampoline, body-slamming the doll. He then elbows the doll multiple times, and body slams it once more. He picks up the doll and moves its arm, making it punch him in the face. Rigby groans. Behind him, Mordecai is standing on his bed, calling to him)

Mordecai: Tag up! Tag up!

(Still groaning, Rigby walks over to Mordecai and slaps his hand. Rigby chugs a can of soda as Mordecai pulls the doll away. He then slams the soda can onto the ground and lets out a ferocious roar. Mordecai sets the doll up next to his bed and walks back to the dresser, where he climbs on top of it. Rigby joins him and turns to the doll)

Rigby: What?

(The doll is shown once again sitting silently)

Rigby: Oh, you want us to put the hurt on you?

(Mordecai picks up Rigby, curled into a ball)

Rigby: I think he wants me to put the hurt on him.

Mordecai: I think he wants you to put the hurt on him.

Rigby: You think he wants me to put the hurt on him?

Mordecai: Yes, I do!

(Rigby screams, then Mordecai screams. They both scream in unison. Mordecai throws Rigby down onto the trampoline, launching him across the room and into the wall, landing in a trash can. The impact leaves a large hole in the wall. Rigby groans, then stands up with the trash can on his head and walks over to Mordecai. He throws the trash can away)

Rigby: Yeah-yuh! Did you see how awesome it was when I hit the trampoline?

Mordecai: (laughs) Yeah, I did! But it wasn't as awesome as when you punched that hole in the wall.

(Mordecai and Rigby both laugh, but suddenly stop as they look over to the hole and see a piece of drywall fall down. They scream. Rigby opens the bedroom door to check if anyone is nearby, then slams the door shut. Mordecai is sat on his bed next to the hole, with Rigby standing opposite him)

Mordecai: I can't believe I listened to you! I knew I should've gone out to do some work, but no, "Let's wrestle this stupid doll, it'll be fun!"

Rigby: But it was fun.

Mordecai: Well, yeah, but now there's a big hole in the wall! Dude, we're 23 years old, we shouldn't be busting holes in walls. We're gonna get fired for this!

Rigby: You mean you're gonna get fired for this.

Mordecai: What?

Rigby: You're the one who threw me too hard, you hole!

Mordecai: Don't call me a hole! You're the hole, you're the one who wanted to wrestle!

Rigby: Okay, okay...let's not blame anyone. Now, how in the H are we gonna fix this S?

Mordecai: I don't know man. (scoffs) We can't fix it, and we definitely can't pay for it, 'cause we don't have any money! Unless you have some money.

Rigby: No. Besides, I don't even know how much it'd cost to fix a hole like this. Probably a ton.

Mordecai: Exactly. Which leaves us with only one possible solution: We convince Benson to give us raises so we can afford to pay someone else to fix it.

Rigby: Dude... you are a genius! Of course, raises!

Mordecai: Okay, dude, here's—

Rigby: Let me stop you there, because I already know what you're going to say...hamboning.

Mordecai: What?

Rigby: Yeah, dude, hamboning! We just go up to Benson and we'll be all like, "We both want raises!"

(Rigby slaps his body repeatedly whilst walking towards Mordecai. He then starts slapping Mordecai's chest)

Mordecai: No, man! Stop it!

(Mordecai pushes Rigby away from him)

Mordecai: We just need to ask him for a raise and just explain all the—

Rigby: No, no, no, that's not gonna work! What are you, 65?

(Rigby imitates an old man)

Rigby: Excuse me, sir, can I have a raise?

(Rigby speaks normally)

Rigby: Come on! I'm telling you, dude. Hamboning...

(Mordecai crosses his arms)

Mordecai: No...

Rigby: Hamboning will save your life some day. It'll be all like, "What? You trying to mug me?"

(Rigby starts slapping his body again and attempts to do it to Mordecai too. Mordecai slaps him away)

Mordecai: No! We're not doing that, okay? Okay?

Rigby: Fine... (gasps) I know what to do!

(Rigby runs to a pile of dirty clothes and pulls out a red keyboard)

Rigby: (snickers) Are you ready for raises?

(He brings the keyboard in front of him)

Rigby: Boop-bweep-boo-boo-boo-boo-boo-boo-boooo!

Mordecai: Whoa-ho-ho-ho, how did you get that?

Rigby: I have my methods.

(Flashback. A wizard is running in the Park and places the same keyboard on a bench. He runs up to a bush, unzips and starts urinating into it, breathing heavily. Rigby sneaks up to the bench in the background and steals the keyboard, running off again. The flashback ends)

Rigby: (snickers)

Mordecai: I don't know, dude. How's that gonna get us raises?

Rigby: Aw, come on, man! Look!

(Rigby sets keyboard on the floor)

Rigby: Just come check it out.

(Rigby plays a small tune on the keyboard)

Mordecai: Whoa-ho-ho-ho-ho!

(Mordecai strokes the keyboard)

Mordecai: This is the answer to all our problems. Have you named her yet?

Rigby: Actually, I thought you could do the honors.

Mordecai: Really?

Rigby: Mm-hmm.

Mordecai: You know, I've always wanted to date a girl named "The Power".

Rigby: The Power?

Mordecai: Mm-hmm.

Rigby: I like it.

(The words "The Power" magically appear at the top of the keyboard)

Mordecai & Rigby: Cool...

(Later, by the Park fountain)

Mordecai: Alright, this time with feeling.

Rigby: Yeah, yeah! Ready?

Mordecai: Yeah, yeah.

Rigby: Okay.

(Rigby presses a button on The Power)

Mordecai & Rigby: Five, six, seven, eight!

(Music plays on The Power. Mordecai and Rigby shuffle forwards, spin around and clap, then point forwards)

Mordecai & Rigby: Give us a raise, loser!

(The duo laugh)

Rigby: Hey, it's Pops.

(Pops is seen walking towards them)

Pops: (laughs) Hello!

Mordecai: Hey Pops, what's up?

Pops: Is that the sound of music I hear? (laughs)

(Mordecai and Rigby turn around and whisper to each other)

Rigby: Dude, let's use The Power on Pops.

Mordecai: I don't know, Pops is kinda weird.

(They both look over at Pops. He laughs strangely as a butterfly approaches his face)

Rigby: Exactly, at least we can test it out on him, and he won't get mad at us if it doesn't work.

Mordecai: Okay, but let's not call him a loser.

Rigby: Why not?

Mordecai: He's sensitive. I don't want him to cry, I just want him to give us a raise.

Rigby: Okay, let's do it.

(The duo turn to Pops)

Rigby: Hey Pops! Check it.

(Rigby presses a button on The Power)

Mordecai & Rigby: Five, six, seven, eight!

(Music plays on The Power. Mordecai and Rigby shuffle forwards towards Pops, spin around and clap, then point at him)

Mordecai & Rigby: Give us a raise, Pops!

(Mordecai and Rigby dance and sit with their backs next to each other)

Pops: (laughs) Good show, jolly good show! A pay increase, yes, yes of course. Just let me get my billfold.

(Pops pulls out his wallet and takes two lollipops from inside)

Pops: Butterscotch Ripple?

(Pops hands the lollipops to Mordecai and Rigby. They just stare at them. Pops shakes them, signalling them to take them. They take one each)

Pops: Ta-ta!

(Pops walks off)

Mordecai: Dude, I think that just worked.

Rigby: Yeah, I know.

Mordecai: I mean, if Pops wasn't so weird, he might have given us actual money.

Rigby: Totally.

(Mordecai and Rigby run off, leaving The Power behind. Rigby runs back and grabs The Power, walking back towards Mordecai. Later, Benson comes out of a shed holding gardening tools)

Benson: Ugh...

(He is startled as he hears Mordecai and Rigby shouting towards him)

Mordecai & Rigby: Hey, Benson!

(Rigby presses a button on The Power)

Mordecai & Rigby: Five, six, seven, eight!

(Music plays on The Power. Mordecai and Rigby shuffle forwards towards Benson)

Benson: What are you doing?

(Mordecai and Rigby spin around and clap, then point at him)

Mordecai & Rigby: Give us a raise, loser!

(They point at him until the music ends, then back away slowly)

Benson: You know, you guys have been working harder. I think you deserve a raise. We can negotiate your new rates later in the week, but for now, how's twenty bucks sound?

(Benson passes two $20 bills to Mordecai and Rigby. They take them as Benson gets into a golf cart)

Benson: Keep up the good work.

(Benson drives away)

Rigby: Do you realize what this means?

Mordecai: We can fix the hole?

Rigby: No, we can do everything we ever wanted!

(A montage begins showing Mordecai and Rigby doing "everything they ever wanted to do" with The Power. They create a bouncy castle out of thin air, bounce around in it, then turn it into a rocket as it blasts into the sky. In the void, Mordecai is given a fanny pack, he opens it up and pulls his hand out wearing a highly advanced tech-glove. He punches The Power with the glove and the screen flashes. Mordecai and Rigby are now dressed as pop stars. Rigby is playing music on a keyboard, while Mordecai has a keytar strapped around him. Transition into the next scenario: Mordecai and Rigby, back as their regular unclothed selves, are driving a muscle car. They look towards each other and use The Power to turn it into a hot rod, with flames painted on the side and lower suspension. They drive off and enter the void again, mashing the keys on The Power and summoning multiple things: a bowling pin, fuzzy dice, a guitar, a magic 8-ball, drum-sticks, a cap, a bowling ball, sunglasses, drum pieces, colorful shoes, a samurai sword and a CD titled "80's METAL!!". The montage ends with Mordecai and Rigby flying and landing in the Park, they laugh whilst looking up at each other then bump into Skips)

Skips: You guys shouldn't be doing what you just did.

Rigby: What? The flying or the hole?

Skips: What hole?

(Rigby whispers to Mordecai)

Rigby: Dude, get to The Power, he knows.

Skips: Knows what?

(Mordecai and Rigby back away towards The Power)

Mordecai: Nothing Skips, uh, we were just getting back to work.

(Mordecai whispers to Rigby)

Mordecai: Dude, kick it to max power.

(Rigby presses a button on The Power)

Mordecai & Rigby: Five, six, seven, eight!

(Mordecai and Rigby point at Skips)

Mordecai & Rigby: Using The Power in your face!

(They shuffle towards Skips and point behind them)

Mordecai & Rigby: Sending you back to your place!

(They shuffle back to their previous positions and point at their crotches)

Mordecai & Rigby: Don't look at our crotches while we synchronize our watches!

(Mordecai and Rigby are now wearing watches, they press buttons on them)

Mordecai & Rigby: Boop-boop bweep, boo-boo-boo, boo-bweep-bee-boo, bee-bee-beep, bee-bee-beep, synchronized!

(The duo pull out a red sweater each and put them on. They keep one arm inside the sweater and the other through a sleeve, then start punching their other arm through the shirt)

Mordecai & Rigby: Go away, Skips, it's time for you to go away!

Mordecai: It's time for you to go to your room!

Rigby: Yeah, Skips, it's time for you to go to the moon

(Skips disappears. Mordecai and Rigby are no longer wearing their sweaters)

Mordecai: (gasps) Where'd he go?

Rigby: Uh...

Mordecai: Did you just send Skips to the moon?

Rigby: Isn't that what you said?

Mordecai: No, room! I sent him to his room, not the moon, you idiot! Dude, wish him back.

Rigby: But it doesn't work that way.

Mordecai: What do you mean?

Rigby: I can't see him, can I?

Mordecai: Ugh, then we have to go get him.

Rigby: But he's going to be pissed!

Mordecai: Better than him being dead!

(Benson and Pops walk out of the house and approach Mordecai and Rigby)

Benson: Hey! Hey, have you two seen Skips?

Mordecai: Rigby sent him to the Moon.

(Rigby punches Mordecai, who punches him back harder. Rigby groans in pain)

Benson: Wait, what?

Mordecai: We accidentally sent Skips to the Moon with this keyboard and now we have to get him back.

(Benson laughs)

Pops: Ooh, I love the Moon.

Benson: Come on, where's Skips?

Mordecai: Ugh! Look, we'll show you.

(Later, Rigby is waiting in the cart with The Power, while Mordecai, Benson and Pops come out of the House and join him)

Rigby: Come on, let's go! Sheesh, you take forever.

Mordecai: Sorry, Pops had to go to the bathroom.

Pops: Twice.

Benson: So, what do we do?

Mordecai: Don't worry, we got it.

(Mordecai and Rigby start playing The Power whilst singing)

Mordecai & Rigby: Take us to the Moon! Take us to the Moon! Whoa! Won't you take us to the Moon?

(Nothing happens)

Benson: Haha...very fun—

(The cart suddenly vanishes. The group are seen flying through space in the cart screaming. They suddenly appear on the moon with the cart landing sideways and sliding through the rocks. They fall out of the cart and start coughing. Benson gets up)

Benson: What is all this junk?

(Benson looks around to see a crashed rocket, a carousel, three baby ducks following their mother, a broken soda machine, roller skates and a bouncy castle)

Rigby: Um, don't get mad at me guys, but, uh - I kinda sent a bunch of stuff to the moon while you guys were in the house.

(Flashback to Rigby sitting in the cart playing The Power)

Rigby: A bunch of baby ducks, send 'em to the moon. Soda machine that doesn't work, send 'em to the moon!

(Back on the moon, Mordecai is furious)

Mordecai: You drill bit! What else did you send?

(A loud roar is heard, as they turn to see a giant hodgepodge monster with aspects of Mordecai, Rigby and their Beef Burrito doll. It is chasing Skips)

Pops: Look, it's Skips! There he is!

Mordecai: Oh great, it had to be a monster.

(Benson backs away)

Benson: What is that?

Mordecai: Rigby, you guys go get Skips! We'll pick you up!

(Rigby runs off with Benson towards the monster, holding The Power)

Rigby: Okay, okay!

(Mordecai tries to push the cart off its side)

Mordecai: Pops, help me with this!

Rigby: Let's go, let's go!

(The monster roars as it holds Skips in its right hand. Rigby slams The Power on the ground and hesitates. The monster roars again)

Benson: Come on!

Rigby: Gimme a break, I have to come up with the words, you know!

(Rigby briefly figures out a tune)

Rigby: Okay, I got it.

(Rigby starts playing on The Power, but its sound begins to fade)

Rigby: G-g-g-go away big monster go-go...no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no!

Benson: What?

(Rigby tries to play The Power, but it's unresponsive)

Rigby: Dude, I think the batteries just died.

Benson: What!?

(The monster gets closer. Mordecai and Pops get the cart upright)

Mordecai: Hurry up dude!

Rigby: The batteries are dead!

Mordecai: What!?

(Rigby tries to think of a solution, then has a flashback to earlier in the episode...)

Rigby: Hamboning will save your life some day. It'll be all like, "What? You trying to mug me?" I'm telling you, dude! Hamboning!

(Rigby's flashback ends)

Rigby: I know what to do.

(Rigby passes The Power to Benson)

Rigby: Hold this.

(Rigby runs towards the monster, who is about to eat Skips)

Rigby: No!!

(Just as the monster is about to eat Skips, it is distracted as Rigby starts slapping his ankle repeatedly. Skips manages to squeeze out of the monster's hand and lands on the ground. He skips towards Rigby and grabs him, just missing the monster's fist punching against the ground. The monster looks back as Rigby and Skips head back to the cart)

Rigby: Woo! Hamboning!

(Rigby and Skips get into the cart, with Skips hanging on at the back)

Mordecai: I can't believe you just did that.

(The monster speeds towards the cart and the group look back)

Skips: Use your keyboard!

Rigby: The batteries are dead!

(Skips looks back at the monster, who is right behind them. He punches through into the dashboard and pulls out some wires, and sticks them into a port on The Power)

Skips: Play it!

(The monster reels back for a punch as Rigby plays The Power and the group start singing)

Mordecai, Rigby, Benson, Pops & Skips: Take us home, take us home, take us all back home!

(The group vanishes, leaving the cart behind to get smashed by the monster. Once again, they fly through space screaming, then suddenly appear in Mordecai and Rigby's room. The impact of their landing causes all of the drywall (except for around the hole) to collapse and fall to the ground. Rigby stands up holding The Power)

Rigby: (laughs) We did it! Yeah!

(Benson grabs The Power from Rigby)

Rigby: Hey, that's mine!

Benson: Nope, you sent him to the moon so the least you can do is give him your keyboard! Right, Skips?

(Benson passes Skips The Power)

Skips: Right.

(Skips smashes The Power with his knee)

Mordecai & Rigby: Aww...

Benson: And let's have it...

Rigby: What?

(Benson turns red)

Benson: The forty dollars you two conned out of me with that stupid keyboard crap! I know you've still got it. Now give it back.

(Rigby sighs as the duo willingly give Benson their $20 bills back)

Benson: Now clean up this mess or you're fired!

(Benson turns back to normal as he, Skips and Pops leave the room)

Benson: Ugh, can you believe this?

Skips: No.

(The door slams shut. Mordecai and Rigby are sat next to the hole, the only drywall in the room)

Rigby: Aw, dude, this sucks. The hole's still there. Do you think Benson noticed it?

(Mordecai looks down and notices a poster. He picks it up and places it over the hole)

Mordecai: He won't now!

Rigby: Dude, you're a genius!

(Mordecai and Rigby high-five)

(End of The Power)