This page is the transcript for "Just Set Up the Chairs".
(In front of Pops' House, Benson stands with a clipboard where he reads the itinerary of the day to Mordecai, Rigby, Muscle Man, Hi Five Ghost and Skips)

Benson: Alright, listen up. We've got this birthday party today, so...lots to do...lots to do. Muscle Man, Hi Five Ghost, you're in charge of picking up the special entertainment.

Muscle Man & Hi Five Ghost: Yes! Uh!

(Muscle Man and Hi Five Ghost high-five each other)

Benson: Skips, you set up the bouncy castle.

Skips: Hm.

(Skips skips away and jumps into a bush).

Benson: Let's see, I'm picking up the kids, so...Mordecai and Rigby, you set up the chairs.

Mordecai & Rigby: Agh!

(Mordecai slides down the stairs and onto the ground. Pops calls from above)

Pops: Oh, what about me? Surely, I'm invited to my own birthday party!

Benson: Um, your birthday was last week, remember? It's a kid's party today.

(Pops pulls out a bundle of balloons)

Pops: I still have balloons!

Benson: We got it covered, Pops!

(Pops looks at Benson sadly)

Pops: Oh. I see.

(Pops floats out of the window and flies away with his balloons)

Mordecai: Dude, how come we always get stuck with the lame jobs? Setting up the chairs!?

Rigby: Lame!

Benson: I can't trust you guys with something actually important. You're always slacking off!

Mordecai: You calling us slackers?

Rigby: Did he? Did you?

Mordecai: He's calling us slackers. Look dude, we can totally set up all those chairs without slacking off.

Benson: Good. Do it then.

Mordecai: We will.

Rigby: Yeah, and then next time you'll get someone else to set up the chairs?

(Mordecai shrugs sarcastically).

Benson: Fine.

Mordecai & Rigby: OOHHH! Not settin' up the chairs next time! Not settin' up the chairs next time! Uh!

Benson: Just set up the chairs.

(Later, Mordecai and Rigby are by a circus tent with a trolley containing chairs)

Rigby: Benson's gonna drop his balls when he sees how good we set up these chairs! He's gonna be all like "Oh no, my gumballs!"

Mordecai: (laughs) Yeah-yuh, we rule at setting up the chairs! (hands Rigby a chair) One.

(Rigby opens up the chair)

Rigby: One!

(Rigby throws the chair and it falls on the ground)

Rigby: Yeah, dude. This sucks.

Mordecai: I agree dude, and normally I'd be all "let's quit", but we have to prove to Benson we can set up these chairs.

Rigby: Alright. Gah! Must be nice to be the boss. Benson never has to do chores.

(Meanwhile, Benson is stuck in traffic on the highway driving a school bus full of loud children. The birthday kid, Jimmy, is sat alone at the front drinking a soda. Benson turns around)

Benson: Happy birthday, Ji—

Jimmy: Just drive the bus, you crazy slop jockey!

(Benson turns around at his wits end. Meanwhile, Mordecai is attempting to set up the chairs while Rigby messes around, wearing chairs and pretending to be a robot shooting around the place. He knocks over some of the chairs

Mordecai: What the H, dude?

Rigby: (laughs hysterically)

Mordecai: Can we please just focus?

(Rigby takes off the chairs)

Rigby: Ugh, when you say that, it makes me tired.

Mordecai: Dude.

(Rigby sits back on one of the chairs)

Rigby: Ugh, you sound like Benson.

Mordecai: Dude! Listen, if we pound through this, we'll never have to do this lame chair stuff again.

(Rigby gasps)

Rigby: Next time, it could be us picking up -

Mordecai & Rigby: The special entertainment!

(Meanwhile, Muscle Man and Hi Five Ghost arrive at a suburban apartment complex called "Luxury Apartments". Muscle Man knocks on the door of Apartment 6B. The door opens with the chain on and two eyes appear in the darkness)

Muscle Man: We are here to pick you up.

(The door shuts and the chain is undone. The door then reopens and a bunch of cans fall out. A pony walks outside)

Pony: Just a second.

Clown: Agh, who's at the door?

(The pony points outside and the clown walks to the door, before shielding his eyes)

Clown: Whoa, it's bright!

(The clown puts on a pair of sunglasses, then gags but swallows. Muscle Man and Hi Five Ghost just stare at them)

Muscle Man: You know who likes special entertainment like that? My mom!

(Muscle Man and Hi Five Ghost high-five each other)

Special Entertainment Clown: Can I borrow five bucks?

(Meanwhile, back at the circus tent, Mordecai and Rigby are progressing with the chairs)

Mordecai: Thirty-seven...

(Rigby throws a chair towards Mordecai, who catches it and puts it down)

Mordecai: Thirty eight...

(Nothing happens)

Mordecai: Thirty eight?

(Mordecai turns to see Rigby laying on the trolley with no chairs around him)

Mordecai: Rigby!

Rigby: That's all the chairs, dude.

Mordecai: There's supposed to be fifty.

Rigby: That's Benson's problem.

Mordecai: No, dude. That's our problem.

Rigby: Hmm!

Mordecai: Come on, we gotta find the rest.

(Mordecai walks off to find the rest of the chairs and Rigby reluctantly follows)

Rigby: Fine. Let's find your stupid chairs.

(Rigby approaches a door, and pushes it, but it doesn't open)

Rigby: It won't open, let's get out of here.

Mordecai: Did you try the actual doorknob?

Rigby: Agh, you're killing me!

(Rigby slides his hand over the door knob effortlessly, not opening the door)

Rigby: It's locked, let's do something else.

Mordecai: Come on, dude. Take this seriously.

(Mordecai tries the doorknob for himself, but the door won't open)

Mordecai: Oh, it is locked.

Rigby: Hmph, hmph.

Mordecai: We gotta get those chairs.

(Mordecai runs towards the door)

Rigby: Hey!

(Mordecai slams into the door, breaking it open with his arm. He falls to the ground, groaning in pain while rubbing his shoulder. Rigby enters the room)

Rigby: Whoa!

Mordecai: Ugh, you see the chairs?

Rigby: Even better...

Mordecai: What do you me- (gasps)

(Mordecai turns around to see a collection of retro arcade machines)

Rigby: It's like old school heaven!

Mordecai: Yeah, look at these things!

(Mordecai and Rigby examine the arcade machines from left to right)

Mordecai: Ball of Yarn, Lemonade Stand, Hats 4 Sale, Clap Like This, Candle Maker, Deli Dude, Staring Contest!? Why are these even here!?

Rigby: Who cares? Let's play!

(Rigby runs up to an arcade game, but Mordecai grabs him and turns him around)

Mordecai: No, dude! Dude, no. You want Benson to think we're slackers forever?

Rigby: I don't know. Do you want to be boring forever?

Mordecai: Not cool, dude.

(Rigby jumps onto the Lemonade Stand arcade machine)

Rigby: Whatever, I'm taking my break.

(Rigby starts the game and instantly starts mashing the buttons)

Mordecai: Dude, you're not even doing it right. You're just mashing the buttons.

Rigby: Whatever, why don't you go back to work?

Mordecai: I know, how about I take my break too?

(Mordecai knocks Rigby out of the way and beats the game for him)

Mordecai: Bam!

(The game screen displays "YOU WIN")

Mordecai: OOHHH!!

Rigby: Man, that was just luck.

Mordecai: Hmph, hmph.

(A brief montage plays as Mordecai and Rigby battle each other for the high score in each game. Rigby mashes the buttons each time, but Mordecai plays properly. He wins each time while yelling "OOHHH!!". The montage ends with Mordecai beating "Hats 4 Sale")

Mordecai: OOHHH! Ten in a row! Alright, let's finish those chairs.

(Mordecai walks off as Rigby looks ahead to see another game hidden in the corner)

Rigby: Wait, man. What about that one?

(Rigby runs to the machine, which is covered in a sheet with a sign reading "OUT OF ORDER". Rigby turns to smile at Mordecai)

Mordecai: Didn't they teach you how to read? "Out of order".

(Rigby turns back around and pulls the sheet off the machine, revealing a game called "DESTROYER OF WORLDS")

Rigby: Whoa! This...looks...awesome!

Mordecai: Yeah. Whatever, it's broken.

Rigby: Probably 'cause people couldn't stop playing it, 'cause it's so awesome!

(Rigby gets onto his knees and starts banging his fist against the machine)

Mordecai: Pfft, how are you gonna fix that with your third grade education?

(Rigby stops banging)

Rigby: Hey! Why don't you go ask Benson to tell you what to do?

Mordecai: Move over, Rigby.

(Mordecai walks over to the machine and opens up the front panel. Inside is a note attached to a wire. Mordecai takes the note and reads it aloud with Rigby)

Mordecai & Rigby: "In the name of all that is holy, don't connect the red wire to the blue wire"?

(They look at the mechanism inside the machine to see a red wire and a blue wire, disconnected)

Mordecai: I don't think we should do this.

(Rigby grabs the note and chucks it away. He runs to the machine and attempts to connect the two wires. Each time he does, an electric spark surrounds the wires)

Rigby: Come on, come on!

(Rigby successfully connects the wires. A ghostly devil-like face then drifts out of the machine, laughing, then disappears. Mordecai and Rigby look at each other, then the lights go out)

Mordecai: Dude, what just happened?

Rigby: I don't know!

(The arcade machine's screen turns on, lighting up the room, and then blasts Mordecai and Rigby back. The machine then spawns the Destroyer of Worlds, a pixelated floating devil head. It floats past Mordecai and Rigby)

Mordecai: That can't be good.

Rigby: I don't know, he could be cool.

(The Destroyer fires flames from his eyes and blows a massive hole in the side of the room. It floats outside)

Mordecai: Oh man, we're so dead.

Rigby: Maybe no one will notice.

(The Destroyer starts firing flames across the Park, causing mass destruction. Pops floats by with his balloons)

Pops: Oh, who unleashed the Destroyer of Worlds? Good show!

(Mordecai and Rigby watch on in disbelief)

Mordecai: We better go find Skips.

(Skips is setting up a bouncy castle. Mordecai and Rigby run up to him, panting)

Mordecai: Skips! Uh, dude.

Skips: What did you guys do?

Mordecai: What? Nothing!

(The Destroyer fires at the playground's slide, which is next to the bouncy castle. Skips looks up and sees the Destroyer floating by, laughing)

Skips: You ignored my note, didn't you?

Mordecai: A note? What note?

Rigby: You mean like a musical note?

(The Destroyer fires at the bouncy castle, setting it ablaze)

Skips: You fools! Destroyer of Worlds will kill us all!

(The Destroyer approaches the trio and laughs)

Skips: I have an idea, but I need time. Distract it!

(Skips skips away)

Mordecai: Wait, what? Distract it how?

(Rigby picks up a rock)

Rigby: Get outta here!

(Rigby throws a rock and the Destroyer's chin. Its smile suddenly turns into a frown)

Rigby: Uh oh.

(Mordecai and Rigby get chased by the Destroyer while screaming. Meanwhile, Benson pulls into the parking lot in the school bus.)

Benson: We're here...

(Benson screams as Mordecai and Rigby run in front of the bus. The Destroyer floats up to the bus)

Kids: It's the special entertainment! Yay!

(The Destroyer blasts off the roof of the bus. All the kids, plus Benson, scream and run out of the bus and across the park. Muscle Man and Hi Five Ghost then pull up next to them in a golf cart, with the real special entertainment)

Muscle Man: Hey kids! Get ready for our very special entertainment!

(The special entertainment leave the cart and begin their act. They are then blasted by the Destroyer and become a pile of ashes. The kids scream again and run across the park. Mordecai and Rigby watch on as the chaos ensues)

Mordecai: We're screwed.

(Behind them, Skips pulls up in a cart with three arcade machines tied up on it)

Skips: Get in!

(Mordecai and Rigby run into the cart as Skips drives towards the Destroyer)

Skips: Climb on top, but don't press start until I say.

(Mordecai and Rigby climb onto the top of the cart, taking two arcade machines each. Pops, still flying with his balloons, gets hit and loses his balloons. Holding tight to the top of the cart, Pops looks down to greet Skips at the wheel).

Pops: Skips, my good man! I lost my balloons.

Skips: Take the wheel.

(Skips climbs around to the back of the cart to the third arcade machine as Pops flips around and sits in the driver's seat, taking control of the cart)

Pops: Oh, it must be my birthday!

(The Destroyer is stationary, and the cart parks up behind it)

Skips: Okay everyone, press your start buttons on three. One, two, three!

(Everyone presses start on their arcade machines, spawning a giant hodgepodge monster based on elements from the abandoned arcade games, known as the Lemon Chef)

Mordecai and Rigby: Whoa!

(The Destroyer fires at the Lemon Chef. Everybody starts playing the game, although Rigby just mashes the buttons)

Skips: Mordecai and I got the arms, Rigby, you got the legs.

Rigby: Aw, what!? Legs? Legs suck! Man, this is worse than the chairs!

(Due to Rigby's button mashing, the Lemon Chef spins around in a circle, firing pixelated burgers around randomly, rather than at the Destroyer)

Mordecai: Dude! Quit mashing the buttons, you're messing up the legs!

Rigby: Shut up!

(Rigby gains a small understanding of how to control the legs, and makes the Lemon Chef run away. The Destroyer chases after it)

Skips: Drive, Pops, drive!

Pops: This is so much fun! Woohoo!

(Pops steps on the accelerator and chases after the two battling characters as Mordecai, Rigby and Skips control the Lemon Chef. The Destroyer then fires at the cart, causing Skips to get knocked off his machine and fall to the ground)

Mordecai: Skips!

(The cart drives away from Skips)

Mordecai: Pops, stop! We lost Skips!

(Pops steps on the break as Mordecai looks back)

Mordecai: Skips!

(The Destroyer blasts off the roof of a shed nearby. Mordecai notices and spots that inside are the thirteen missing chairs. He gasps)

Mordecai: The extra chairs!

(Mordecai turns to Rigby)

Mordecai: Dude, you kill the Destroyer of Worlds! I'm gonna go get the chairs!

(Mordecai jumps off the top of the cart and runs to the shed)

Rigby: It's too dangerous, just leave them!

Mordecai: I don't care! We're not slackers!

(The Destroyer rapidly fires at the shed, which terrifies Rigby)

Rigby: (gasps) Mordecai!

(Inside the shed, Mordecai is holding onto a chair while screaming. Suddenly, the Destroyer gets hit in the head by a pixelated burger. Rigby mashes the buttons on Mordecai and Skips' abandoned machines, causing the Lemon Chef to rapidly fire at the Destroyer. He then takes a break to stop)

Destroyer: What the...?

(Mordecai is safely outside of the shed, watching the battle)

Mordecai: The button mashing's working! Finish him off dude!

(Rigby stretches his arms and his tail to take control of all three arcade machines at once. He mashes the buttons rapidly while screaming, causing the Lemon Chef to fire even more pixelated burgers at an even faster rate, killing the Destroyer of Worlds. Once the Destroyer is defeated, it turns into a pixelated cherry. The Lemon Chef walks over to the cherry and eats it, gaining 100 points. Mordecai approaches Rigby, who is now on a small lava-surrounded island within the park)

Mordecai: That was some pretty sweet button mashing.

(Mordecai and Rigby high-five)

Rigby: I told you I got skills!

(Behind them, Benson climbs onto the island. He is red)

Benson: You!

(Mordecai and Rigby turn around)

Mordecai: Whoa! Hey, Benson. Before you freak out, we totally set up those chairs!

(Mordecai signals to his right, where the kids are sat on their chairs, but surrounded by nothing but flames for a concerning distance. They all cheer, accompanied by Muscle Man and Hi Five Ghost. Muscle Man swings his shirt)

Muscle Man: Woo! This birthday party's hot!

(Back on the other island, Benson is still red)

Rigby: So we're cool, right?

Benson: You idiots! That's the last time I entrust you with something important, like the chairs!

(Mordecai and Rigby are silent for a moment)

Mordecai & Rigby: OOHHH! Not settin' up the chairs next time! Not settin' up the chairs next time!

Benson: But you are gonna clean up this mess, and you can start by sweeping up the special entertainment!

(Benson points at a pile of ashes, then walks off)

Mordecai: Yeah, no problem.

Rigby: We got it.

Mordecai: Don't worry about us.

(Benson is out of hearing range)

Rigby: We're gonna take a break first, right?

Mordecai: Yeah.

(End of Just Set Up the Chairs)