OOOOOOOHHHHHHH!
This page is the transcript for "Caffeinated Concert Tickets".
(Mordecai and Rigby are sat in the Coffee Shop watching TV. Music starts to play by one of the bands from their youth: "Fist Pump")

Rigby: Yes! Fist Pump!

(Mordecai and Rigby fist pump to the music)

Mordecai & Rigby: (laughs) Yeah, yeah!

(They continue fist pumping until the music ends)

Mordecai & Rigby: (laughs)

(On TV, a commercial starts to play for an upcoming gig)

Main Announcer: Listen up, pump heads, Fist Pump is coming to Slammers! They just got out of jail and rehab, and now they're back, and ready to rock your 11-to-15-year-old pants off! That's our demographic, get over it. That's right! Fist Pump live!

Background Announcer: Live!

Main Announcer: At Slammers this Friday!

Background Announcer: Friday!

Main Announcer: Be there or be a loser!

(The commercial ends)

Mordecai: (laughs) There's gonna be so many losers at that concert.

(Mordecai takes a sip of coffee. Pan over to Rigby)

Rigby: We have to go to that concert!

Mordecai: Seriously? Dude, they were cool in the third grade, but now...?

Rigby: Correction, they're cool in any grade, but you wouldn't know that. Probably because you hate yourself or something!

Mordecai: Dude, we don't have the money for those tickets.

Rigby: Doesn't even matter! We can figure out a way, but you're too busy figuring out a way to hate yourself!

Mordecai: Why do you wanna go so bad?

Rigby: Going to this concert could be the biggest moment of my life...

Mordecai: Wow, sounds like your life sucks.

Rigby: Shut up!

(Mordecai laughs as Margaret approaches them)

Margaret: Hey, guys.

Mordecai: Hey, Margaret.

Margaret: Were you guys talking about the concert?

Rigby: We were talking about a concert. Is the concert you're talking about Fist Pump?

Margaret: (laughs) Yeah, cool.

Mordecai: Wait, you're going?

Margaret: Yeah, I am! I know they're kinda old, but I remember them from when I was a kid. Besides, everyone is gonna be there. It's gonna be fun. You guys gonna go?

(Mordecai stares at Margaret for a beat)

Mordecai: I'm totally gonna go.

Rigby: Oh, so now you're gonn-

(Mordecai punches Rigby and he groans in pain)

Mordecai: We'll be there.

Margaret: Cool, see you guys there.

(Margaret walks away)

Mordecai: Yeah, see ya.

Rigby: I can't believe you're going to a Fist Pump concert just for some lady pecs.

Mordecai: Rigby, one day you'll be old enough to understand the real reason that people go to concerts.

Rigby: Whatever, it's to listen to music, I already know that. Now, how are we going to get the money for those tickets?

Mordecai: Dude, it's gonna be easy. We just have to work some extra hours.

Rigby: Extra work? I don't even like regular work.

Mordecai: Do you like Fist Pump?

Rigby: Yes.

Mordecai: Hmph, then you like extra work.

Rigby: Hmph, fine.

Mordecai: Hmph, hmph.

Rigby: Hmph, hmph.

Mordecai & Rigby: Hmph, hmph, hmph, hmph, hmph, hmph, hmph, hmph...

(Later, outside of Skips' house, Mordecai and Rigby are asking Benson for overtime. Pops and Skips are working behind them in the garage)

Benson: Let me get this straight. You and Rigby want me to give you overtime, and even though you can't even finish the regular amount of work that you normally have, you want me to add on even more...

Mordecai: Yes.

Benson: (laughs) No.

Rigby: Aw, come on, Benson, please! Fist Pump is playing at Slammers and we don't have enough money for tickets!

Benson: (laughs) Are you serious? Fist Pump? You know what kind of people go to those concerts?

(The trio hear Muscle Man cheering and look over to see him swinging his shirt on top of a golf cart, while Hi Five Ghost drives it)

Muscle Man: Woo! That's right, ladies! We got two tickets to Fist Pump! See you later, grandmas!

(Hi Five Ghost does donuts on the lawn and drives off. Rigby grunts)

Rigby: Benson, you listen and you listen good.

(Rigby drops to the ground and pleads)

Rigby: Please Benson! Please give us overtime! Please!

Benson: What is the big deal? It's just some talentless band.

(Skips and Pops interrupt in the background)

Skips: Actually, they aren't that bad, not that I'm into that stuff. We are pretty backed up though. I think you should give them the work.

Pops: Oh, I agree. I say if they want to see "Pump Fist", then let them see "Pump Fist"!

Benson: (sighs) Fine. You can work overtime.

Mordecai & Rigby: OOHHHH!!!

Benson: Here's a list of things we need done, when you finish them, you'll get your money.

(Benson gives a list to the duo)

Mordecai & Rigby: OOOHHHH!!!

(They continue shouting as they walk offscreen)

Benson: (sighs) Idiots.

(Montage: Mordecai and Rigby clean the gutters, with Rigby on the roof grabbing the dirt and throwing it down to Mordecai on the ground, holding a bucket. They then clean the cart, with Rigby wiping the front of the cart and Mordecai wiping the back, while holding a hose. They then take out the trash, with Mordecai throwing a trash bag to Rigby, who dumps it into a dumpster. They both start fist-pumping and Mordecai crosses "Trash" off the chore list. They then clean the bathroom, with Rigby unclogging the toilet and Mordecai wiping down the sink. They then wash the dishes, with Mordecai pulling dishes out of the sink and passing them to Rigby to dry them off. They start fist-pumping again, and Mordecai crosses "Dishes" off the chore list. The montage is then interrupted as Rigby switches off a boombox. He and Mordecai look exhausted)

Rigby: Dude, I'm fading fast.

Mordecai: Don't worry, dude. We just gotta fight it with coffee!

(Mordecai pulls out a coffee jug, and pours some in a mug for Rigby, who takes a sip from the mug as Mordecai takes a sip from the jug. Their eyes inflate and they become more energetic. Rigby switches the boombox back on and the montage continues, with them cleaning the windows simultaneously with Rigby inside and Mordecai outside. They then dust down the kitchen, with Mordecai using a mop as a hockey stick, pretending that the dust is a puck. He hits it as it zooms over to Rigby and gets vacuumed up. Rigby throws the vacuum over to Mordecai. Then in the living room, the duo extensively vacuum the sofa, and start fist-pumping with the vacuum cleaners. Benson enters the room and is shocked at how clean the room is. He nods and grabs $100 out of his wallet to give to the duo, but the money is instantly sucked up by their vacuums. Benson facepalms and exits the room. Mordecai and Rigby then look at each other worried, and rip open their vacuum bags to find the money. The montage ends. Later, at Slammers, Mordecai and Rigby each put their $50 share on the ticket booth's desk)

Mordecai: Two for Fist Pump.

Ticket Guy: $400.

Mordecai & Rigby: What?

Mordecai: But I thought they were 50!?

Ticket Guy: $50 tickets are sold out. All that's left are Super Deluxe front row seats.

Mordecai: Aw, man!

(Mordecai walks off, frustrated, as Rigby starts repeatedly punching the desk)

Rigby: No, no, no!

(Rigby gathers up the $100 and turns to face Mordecai)

Rigby: Mordecai, wait! Wait, man. We can't give up. Fist Pump!

Mordecai: I know, dude, but I just don't want to work anymo-oh my...

(Mordecai drools as he sees Margaret wearing a Fist Pump tank top with no sides. She waves as he stands in stunned amazement, before running off and giggling with her friend)

Mordecai: Maybe I could work a little more. Alright, dude. Let's do this.

(Rigby is fast asleep on the ground, snoring)

Mordecai: You're lucky I care about lady pecs.

(Later, back at Skips' house, Mordecai and Rigby are asking for even more overtime)

Mordecai: Benson, we need more money.

(Rigby takes a few gulps of coffee)

Rigby: Yeah, give us more money.

Benson: There's no more chores left. Unless...you want to mow the lawn?

Mordecai & Rigby: The lawn!?

(They turn around and are daunted by the size of the lawn)

Mordecai: Aw, what? That'll take forever!

Benson: Here's the keys. You know where the mower is.

(Benson throws the lawnmower keys and they hit Rigby on the head. He groans in pain)

Benson: Good luck.

(Benson drives away in the cart)

Mordecai: Hmph, hmph. Who needs luck when we have coffee?

(Mordecai and Rigby are weak)

Mordecai & Rigby: Ohhhhhh...

Rigby: Dude, seriously though, my eyes won't stay open anymore, and I think we're almost out of coffee.

Mordecai: Nonsense, dude. We got plenty of coffee.

(Mordecai attempts to gulp an empty coffee jug, but just falls onto the ground)

Rigby: Mordecai, what happened?

Mordecai: Need more coffee...need more Margaret...

Rigby: Fist Pump...

(They are startled as they suddenly hear a voice)

Coffee Bean: Coffee, coffee.

(They look up to see a giant coffee bean along with a translator are watching them)

Coffee Bean: Coffee?

Translator: "Greetings, fellow Fist Pump fans. May we help you get some tickets?"

Mordecai: What? Who are you?

Giant Coffee Bean: Coffee, coffee!

Translator: "As you can see, I am a giant coffee bean. I can bring you caffeine. Do you accept?"

Mordecai: Wait, what?

Giant Coffee Bean: Coffee coffee, coffee coffee coffee, coffee coffee, coffee coffee coffee.

(The coffee bean pulls out a contract that says "Coffee" over and over. He hands it over to Mordecai and Rigby as his translator hands over a pen)

Rigby: Ah, cool, a contract! Let's sign it!

(Rigby signs the contract without any hesitation. The coffee bean takes it back, presses it to his stomach area, and absorbs it.)

Giant Coffee Bean: Coffee, coffee!

(The Coffee Bean grabs his breasts and squeezes them until coffee starts shooting out of them. He squeals as this is happening. Mordecai and Rigby scream as the Coffee Bean's coffee enters their mouths. Their eyes inflate. Montage: "Working for the Weekend" by Loverboy starts playing. A text card pops up saying "MAGIC!" Mordecai and Rigby appear in the middle of the Park pumping their fists. The lawnmower then appears below them. They drive off. The Coffee Bean and Translator are walking along, with close-ups of their legs and butts. The Coffee Bean then shoots coffee out of his hands, which goes straight into Mordecai and Rigby's mouths. They turn and look at the audience while pumping their fists. They drive off in the lawnmower and create the words "Fist Pump" in the grass. The Coffee Bean and Translator click their fingers and two empty coffee jugs held by Mordecai and Rigby are magically filled up with coffee. They take a sip from the jugs and backflip into the lawnmower, where they pump their fists again. The Coffee Bean and Translator briefly join Mordecai and Rigby on the lawnmower, as they all pump their fists. The four of them are then seen dancing in the middle of the park. Suddenly, in the Void, multiple images of the Coffee Bean pop up, as they transition into regular coffee beans and fall into a Coffee Pro coffee machine. A coffee jug is seen being filled up, and is taken by the Translator, who passes it to Mordecai as he and Rigby drive by. Mordecai takes a sip then passes it to Rigby, who just pours the jug over himself, before throwing it away. The Coffee Bean winks, as Mordecai and Rigby drive in circles in a novelty-sized cup, and burst through it. Benson stands in the middle of the lawn, nodding impressed, and pulls out his wallet. Mordecai and Rigby quickly drive by and Mordecai, holding a vacuum, sucks away Benson's wallet. Benson turns to see Mordecai and Rigby riding into the sunset, which then transforms into the Coffee Bean, who smiles and leaks coffee out of his mouth. Later, Mordecai and Rigby are walking into their room holding two diamond-coated tickets)

Mordecai and Rigby: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!

Mordecai: Aw, man, I didn't know deluxe tickets were coated in diamonds.

(Mordecai walks off to get changed in the closet)

Rigby: So cool...

Translator: Where are the other two tickets?

(Rigby turns around to see the Coffee Bean and Translator standing behind him)

Rigby:Oh, jeez!

(Rigby puts on a Fist Pump t-shirt)

Rigby: There's no 'other tickets', man. We only had enough for two.

Translator: But we had a contract!

Rigby: Woo!!! Fist Pump!!!!

(Mordecai pops his head out of the closet)

Mordecai: Woo, Fist Pump.

(Rigby joins Mordecai in the closet. The Coffee Bean looks at the translator angrily while pointing at the closet)

Giant Coffee Bean: Coffee, coffee, coffee!

(Out of the closet, Rigby shows Mordecai a gun with a muscular arm at the end)

Rigby: Dude, check it. Bang bang! Dude, I've got two if you want to take one to the concert.

(The Coffee Bean is behind them holding two filled mugs)

Translator: Mordecai and Rigby, we are very excited for you to be the ones to see Fist Pump. Please accept this coffee to help you make it through concert.

(The Coffee Bean passes the mugs over to Mordecai and Rigby)

Mordecai & Rigby: Thanks!

(The two take a sip of coffee)

Mordecai: Hey, what the...? This isn't...coffee!?

(The Coffee Bean and Translator laugh in an evil manner, and they start to appear distorted as Mordecai and Rigby fall asleep)

Translator: It's chamomile tea...the sleepiest of all teas...

Mordecai: Rigby, get the...(yawns)

(Mordecai turns to see that Rigby is already fast asleep on the floor)

Mordecai: ....tickets.

(Mordecai collapses to the ground and the screen goes black. Mordecai then hears the sound of a car skidding and glass smashing, which wakes him up, no longer wearing Fist Pump merchandise)

Mordecai: Huh?

(Mordecai looks out the window to see the Coffee Bean and Translator wearing his and Rigby's Fist Pump merchandise, while getting into the cart)

Mordecai: Hey!

(The Coffee Bean looks up at Mordecai, then jumps into the cart and starts the engine)

Mordecai: Rigby, come on, they got the tickets! Come on, let's go, let's go!

(Rigby wakes up and pats his chest. He notices that his t-shirt is gone. He sounds frustrated)

Rigby: Fist Pump!

(The duo run outside to see the Coffee Bean and Translator driving away in the cart)

Rigby: Now what are we supposed to do?

Mordecai: Come on. I have an idea.

(Outside Skips' house, Benson is walking along whistling. Suddenly, Mordecai and Rigby burst out of the garage in the lawnmower, and accidentally run over Benson, making a bunch of gumballs fall out of his lid. He yelps and falls to the ground, surrounded by gumballs. He turns around and screams at Mordecai and Rigby)

Benson: You morons! Get back here and help me pick up my gumballs!

(The cart speeds away with the Coffee Bean driving. He slowly turns to the Translator)

Giant Coffee Bean: Coffee...

(Subtitles are displayed saying "Take care of them". The Translator turns around to see Mordecai and Rigby chasing after them on the lawnmower. The translator grunts as Mordecai and Rigby pull up alongside them)

Mordecai: Give us the tickets!

(The Translator pulls out a chainsaw and yells out a battle cry as the Coffee Bean turns the cart around and heads towards the lawnmower. Mordecai and Rigby scream as the Translator cuts off the lawnmower's handlebars, making it impossible to steer. The lawnmower speeds out of control and briefly hits the cart, causing the Translator to drop the chainsaw. The lawnmower continues to spin out of control, as it jumps up and lands on top of the cart, mowing off its roof. Upon landing back on the ground, the lawnmower crashes into the cart once again, heading for Slammers. The cart spins away and speeds through into the foyer of Slammers, where the cart crashes and the Coffee Bean and Translator are thrown out, as everybody watches. They get up and notice the venue entrance. They make a run for it but are blocked by Mordecai and Rigby, preventing them from getting any further. The Translator talks to them nervously)

Translator:Uh, Mordecai and Rigby. Uh, funny seeing you here...

Mordecai: A chainsaw, are you serious!? I mean, what's up with the chainsaw?

Giant Coffee Bean: Coffee! Coffee coffee!

Translator: Why didn't you buy us tickets?

Mordecai: What are you talking about? We never said we'd buy you tickets!

Translator: But we had a contract!

Rigby: Shut it!

(Rigby leans in and grabs the stolen tickets from the Translator)

Mordecai: You know, at first I thought you were cool. But now, I know that you're both total losers.

Rigby: Everybody hates you.

Mordecai: Oh, and I just realized something.

Translator: What?

Mordecai: Your coffee sucks.

Mordecai and Rigby: OOOHHHH!!!

(The duo spin around as they walk through the entrance into the venue. The Coffee Bean and Translator still make an attempt to get in, but are blocked off by the bouncer. The two hang their heads in disappointment. While walking down the stairs into the concept, a Llama Guy walks by)

Llama Guy: 'Sup, Mordecai!?

Mordecai: Hey, dude.

(Rigby sees the diamond-encrusted seats at the front and center of the room)

Rigby: Dude, there they are!

(Mordecai and Rigby run and jump onto their seats)

Rigby: We did it! Fist Pump! Fist Pump!

(Mordecai instantly turns around to look for Margaret)

Mordecai: I wonder where Margaret's sitting?

(A sweaty Fist Pump t-shirt is suddenly thrown into Mordecai's face. He takes it off, looking disgusted)

Mordecai: Aw, sick! It's all sweaty!

(Mordecai hears Muscle Man cheering and looks up to see him shirtless while weightlighting. Hi Five Ghost is next to him holding a plastic cup)

Muscle Man: Woo!! I just threw my shirt! Bring out Fist Pump! Let's do it!

(Mordecai looks around and spots Margaret waving at him)

Margaret: Hey, Mordecai!

Mordecai: Hey, Margaret! Fist Pump!

Margaret: Mordecai! You have to meet my boyfriend, Slasher!

(Mordecai's face drops in disappointment. Margaret pats her boyfriend's back)

Margaret: Hey, Slasher! That's my friend, Mordecai!

(Slasher turns to look at him)

Slasher: You should tell your friend he should stop pumping it in the wind, and start pumping in at the gym.

Margaret:Don't be such a jerk!

(Margaret turns her back on Slasher, looking annoyed at him. Slasher points at Mordecai and loud-whispers)

Slasher: You're dead.

(Mordecai laughs nervously and sinks back into his seat)

Mordecai: Oh, this sucks.

Rigby: Aw, don't worry about her, you'll get another chance.

(Rigby and Mordecai are quickly startled as they hear a loud horn. A big truck with a skull on the front flies onto the stage, breathing fire out of the skull's mouth. A trucker is shown pulling the horn. The crowd goes wild, including Rigby, who is fist-pumping)

Rigby: (laughs) Woo!!

(Rigby turns to see Mordecai, who has fallen fast asleep)

Rigby: Dude, wake up! They're about to come out!

(Rigby's eyes are shown to be bloodshot and his eyelids start to narrow. He's starting to fall asleep himself as Mordecai snores away)

Rigby: Wait. Must...stay awake. Must...see best band of all... time!

(Rigby strains while trying to stay awake)

Rigby: Aw, crap.

(Rigby drops to sleep and snores loudly. Fist Pump then comes on stage)

Fist Pump: 'Ello! We are Fist Pump! One, two, three, four!

(Fist Pump begin playing music, which plays over the credits instead of the regular theme)

(End of Caffeinated Concert Tickets)